Update 5.0.0-preview.7.md (#5049)
dotnet/core: release-notes/5.0/preview/5.0.0-preview.7.md

* EntityFramework Core: [bugs][ef_bugs] | [features][ef_features]
* .NET SDK [bugs][sdk_bugs]

> Please follow the [issue](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/37269) which provides a roadmap and reference to ongoing efforts for .NET 5.

Reviewer: A suggestion...

```suggestion
For a roadmap and reference to ongoing efforts for .NET 5, see [.NET 5.0 Runtime Epics](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/37269) on GitHub.
```
